In this lecture, we are going to configure Vasella files, Zila is an EFTPOS client that allows us
to upload and download files from our server.
I've split the installation and configuration into two lectures, so please view the relevant lecture
based on your operating system.
Windows users, you need to visit the files in a website and download the installation file, you install
files in the same way as with any other software package.
Let's look at configuring files for Windows Windows users.
You can open files on the first day before we start with our files in a configuration.
This is the local tree and that is the remote tree.
We can turn off the local tree as well as the remote tree on the extreme left.
We have open site manager.
We want to create a new site.
I'm going to call it VPs.
One protocol is FCP host is your service IP address port.
You can leave blank.
It will default to Port 22 login type Kifah.
The user is your username on the server.
Kifah, we need to browse Seedorf when we set up the software for this course, when you download it,
Commander.
We created a directory on your C drive called s.M DCR.
You can open that directory inside the command directory.
You have another directory called DOT, which you can open DSH the moment it says no items match your
search.
We need to change the file type PPK.
You need to change to all files.
Once you've done that, find your private key for your server.
In my case it is S.T. You can open the private key.
The format of my private key is not supported by files and files of the will convert it for us into
a supported format.
Yes, we want to convert now.
You need to provide your private key passphrase to unlock your private key.
Select filename for converted Kiefel files Zeller's asking us to save the converted private key.
Use the same name except add a underscore.
If Z. then select save you can then click ok.
Go back to your site manager, ensure your VBS is selected and click connect.
It's the first time we are connecting to the server, using Vasella files is prompting us do we want
to accept the server fingerprint?
We do and we also want to cache the fingerprint that iStore the fingerprint locally select.
Okay.
You need to type in your private key passphrase to unlock your private key, and we have logged into
our server using Vasella, there are our files, there is the directory backups.
If I double click backups, it will open that directory and there is DB and site.
If I double click DB, it will open that directory and display the contents of the DB directory.
To download any one of these files, you can right click and select download if you want to change to
a particular directory, you can click in the section remote site and you can type the path to the directory
you would like to open.
I want to open slash va slash w w w and there is the contents of slash va slash w w w in this lecture
we installed and configured files into.